Python models Dataproc Serverless setup with packages (#5920)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/build/python-models.md

storage.objects.delete
```

**Installing packages:** 

> Depending on if you use Dataproc cluster or serverless, third-party packages installation is done differently.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Installation of third-party packages on Dataproc varies depending on whether it's a [cluster](https://cloud.google.com/dataproc/docs/guides/create-cluster) or [serverless](https://cloud.google.com/dataproc-serverless/docs).  
```

    You can also install packages at cluster creation time by [defining cluster properties](https://cloud.google.com/dataproc/docs/tutorials/python-configuration#image_version_20): `dataproc:pip.packages` or `dataproc:conda.packages`.  

- **Dataproc Serverless** &mdash; Google recommends using a [custom docker image](https://cloud.google.com/dataproc-serverless/docs/guides/custom-containers) to install thrid-party packages. The image needs to be hosted in [Google Artifact Registry](https://cloud.google.com/artifact-registry/docs). It can then be used by providing the image path in dbt profiles:
    <File name='profiles.yml'>
    ```yml
    my-profile:
        target: dev
        outputs:
            dev:
            type: bigquery
            method: oauth
            project: abc-123
            dataset: my_dataset
            
            # for dbt Python models to be run on Dataproc Serverless
            gcs_bucket: dbt-python
            dataproc_region: us-central1
            submission_method: serverless
            dataproc_batch:
                runtime_config:
                    container_image: {HOSTNAME}/{PROJECT_ID}/{IMAGE}:{TAG}

>     ```

Reviewer: </File>

>     ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```

</File>
```

- **Dataproc Cluster** &mdash; Google recommends installing Python packages while creating the cluster via initialization actions:  
    - [How initialization actions are used](https://github.com/GoogleCloudDataproc/initialization-actions/blob/master/README.md#how-initialization-actions-are-used)  
    - [Actions for installing via `pip` or `conda`](https://github.com/GoogleCloudDataproc/initialization-actions/tree/master/python)

    You can also install packages at cluster creation time by [defining cluster properties](https://cloud.google.com/dataproc/docs/tutorials/python-configuration#image_version_20): `dataproc:pip.packages` or `dataproc:conda.packages`.  

- **Dataproc Serverless** &mdash; Google recommends using a [custom docker image](https://cloud.google.com/dataproc-serverless/docs/guides/custom-containers) to install thrid-party packages. The image needs to be hosted in [Google Artifact Registry](https://cloud.google.com/artifact-registry/docs). It can then be used by providing the image path in dbt profiles:

>     <File name='profiles.yml'>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    
    <File name='profiles.yml'>
```

    <File name='profiles.yml'>
    ```yml
    my-profile:
        target: dev
        outputs:
            dev:
            type: bigquery
            method: oauth
            project: abc-123
            dataset: my_dataset
            
            # for dbt Python models to be run on Dataproc Serverless
            gcs_bucket: dbt-python
            dataproc_region: us-central1
            submission_method: serverless
            dataproc_batch:
                runtime_config:
                    container_image: {HOSTNAME}/{PROJECT_ID}/{IMAGE}:{TAG}
    ```

> </File>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    </File>
```

    You can also install packages at cluster creation time by [defining cluster properties](https://cloud.google.com/dataproc/docs/tutorials/python-configuration#image_version_20): `dataproc:pip.packages` or `dataproc:conda.packages`.  

- **Dataproc Serverless** &mdash; Google recommends using a [custom docker image](https://cloud.google.com/dataproc-serverless/docs/guides/custom-containers) to install thrid-party packages. The image needs to be hosted in [Google Artifact Registry](https://cloud.google.com/artifact-registry/docs). It can then be used by providing the image path in dbt profiles:
    
    <File name='profiles.yml'>
    ```yml
    my-profile:
        target: dev
        outputs:
            dev:
            type: bigquery
            method: oauth
            project: abc-123
            dataset: my_dataset
            
            # for dbt Python models to be run on Dataproc Serverless
            gcs_bucket: dbt-python
            dataproc_region: us-central1
            submission_method: serverless
            dataproc_batch:
                runtime_config:
                    container_image: {HOSTNAME}/{PROJECT_ID}/{IMAGE}:{TAG}
    ```

> </File>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
